You've been picking on her because she can't talk back and now you dare to lay your hands on her. Who do you think you are?
Side chick
I'm the side chick
She's the one who stole my man when I was a waste studying abroad. I come back and he's magically married to someone else for God knows what reason
Anyone's wrecking a relationship. I
Didn't follow you stop laughing your hands and doing what you're saying, but let me tell you this
You're just a temporary distraction
When Eric is born of you
I'll drop you like you never even matter. What the hell is going on they followed us here and now they're humiliating me. I
Couldn't just stand there and take it
Look at what they did to me. That is not true. She had Catherine. I didn't follow you
I came here with my friend. I can't stand to see her constantly taking you away from me
What the hell are you wearing?